Spec clean up (#1018)
radiantearth/stac-spec: best-practices.md

This document makes a number of recommendations for creating real world SpatioTemporal Asset Catalogs. None of them 
are required to meet the core specification, but following these practices will make life easier for client tooling
and for users. They come about from practical experience of implementors and introduce a bit more 'constraint' for

> those who are putting their data into STAC or creating new tools to work with STAC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
those who are creating STAC objects representing their data or creating tools to work with STAC. 
```

different tools will be able to load and display public-facing STAC data. But the web runs on a [Same origin 
policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy), preventing web pages from loading information from other web locations
to prevent malicious scripts from accessing sensitive data. This means that by default a web page would only be able to load STAC

> [Items](item-spec/item-spec.md) from the same server the page is on. [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Item](item-spec/item-spec.md) objects from the same server the page is on. [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing),
```
